Added documentation for "autobypass" option added to the AlarmDecoder integration (#11470)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/alarmdecoder.markdown

    host: 192.168.1.20
    port: 10000
  panel_display: false

>   autobypass: False

Reviewer: We try to keep all configuration samples minimal. Thus, no optional requirement in the default sample. This helps a user to get started quickly by copy-&-paste the sample without worrying about optional parameters which they most likely not need. If required, insert a full configuration sample later that covers special setups or alike.

  required: false
  default: false
  type: boolean
autobypass:

>   description: "If this is set to `true`, then when arming (home or away), it will automatically bypass all open zones (sending '6#')".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "If this is set to `true`, then when arming (home or away), it will automatically bypass all open zones (sending '6#')."
```

  required: false
  default: false
  type: boolean
autobypass:

>   description: If this is set to True, then when arming (home or away), it will automatically bypass all open zones (sending "6#")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "If this is set to `true`, then when arming (home or away), it will automatically bypass all open zones (sending '6#')".
```
